Don't go
You'll be here obediently during this time
Without my permission
You're not going anywhere.
No, I can't.
I won't hit you
Is this Wu?
If you have anything, just contact him directly
Gu Name
If you are obedient
I'll let your brother live a few more days
If you don't listen
Guo Yiniang, I beg you
I beg you not to hurt my brother
I've got your phone
My mom will contact me if anything happens.
No! You can't have my phone
You took my phone
If something happens to my brother
What should I do if he can't contact me?
Guo Yiming, I'm fine
I don't run around
What did you give me the phone back?
When will you learn to be obedient?
I'll let you see again.
My mom
Keep an eye on her.
In a second
My mom bought this for me.
She said she would be lucky to wear this
Now I'll give you half the luck.
If you have it, you won't cry alone.
You and we have been together for 3 years
I will become your wife sooner or later
I was wondering if we could make our relationship better
stronger
Not in a hurry
My parents said they haven't seen you for a long time
Miss you, let me invite you to dinner